in Gaza City families from alij and tah
neighborhood are risking their safety to
return to their homes during ongoing
military operations previously ordered
to evacuate due to escalating conflict
these residents are now coming back to
retrieve essential belongings they
couldn't take during the sudden
evacuation the scenes are unimaginable
with many homes either partially or
completely destroyed the danger remains
high as military operations continue in
the
area we came to the neighborhood and
found nothing all we found were these
buckets and pots the neighborhood is
destroyed we did not find a thing it's
impossible to return just take a look
around look at the area leave us be what
do you want from us leave us be there
are no houses there is nothing we are
devasted I was sitting with my family my
wife and my children we were setting the
table for lunch I was about to eat the
first bite when they bought the house
down on top of our heads this is my
house and they brought it down on top of
us my apartment and my brother's
apartment were leveled my parents
apartment was also destroyed and my
father my brother my daughter my niece
and my sister-in-law were all killed
despite the risks families are
determined to salvage important items
necessary for their daily survival and
well-being the destruction is is
extensive with homes and rooms and
essential infrastructure damage making
the retrieval process even more
challenging the emotional trol is
immense as families comont the loss of
their homes and loved ones and the
danger of ongoing
War make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer